Avoid warning by explicit new dependencies (#1766)
cucumber/cucumber-ruby: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]
### Changed

> - Updated cucumber dependencies  ([jeromeag](https://github.com/jerome))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added dependencies that will no longer be part of the ruby stdlib ([jeromeag](https://github.com/jerome))
```
